[charts/csi-lightningfs] Add CSI LightningFS Charts (#937)
dell/helm-charts: charts/csi-lightningfs/README.md

    - `volumeNamePrefix`: The prefix used for all the volumes created by the CSI driver. The default value is set to csilng, but you can change it to any value.
5. Use `helm` to install the CSI driver.
   ```bash
   helm install csi-lightningfs dell/csi-lightningfs --namespace csi-lightningfs -f my-values.yaml
   ```
6. Check the status of the driver. All pods should be in a "Running" state.
   ```bash
   kubectl get pods -n csi-lightningfs
   ```

## Uninstallation Instructions

1. Uninstall the CSI driver by running the following command:
   ```bash
   helm uninstall csi-lightningfs -n csi-lightningfs
   ```
2. Verify the driver was successfully uninstalled.
    ```bash
   kubectl get pods -n csi-lightningfs
    ```

## Provisioning

1. Create a storage class using the template provided (lightningfs.yaml) under `samples/storageclass` folder.
2. Note the following attributes in the storage class yaml file:
    - `pfs`: The name of the folder to be created by the CSI driver under the `clientMountPoint` (specified in my-values.yaml above). Default is "PFS".
    - `volumePathPermission`: The permission for the volume path. Default is 0750, but can be changed to desired value.

>     - `volumeBindingMode`: The volume binding mode. One of "WaitForFirstConsumer" or "Immediate". Default is "WaitForFirstConsumer".

Reviewer: looks like this callout for the default differs from the actual default

    - `controllerCount`: Defines the number of controller pods to run. The default value is set to 1, but can be changed to any desired number.
    - `clientMountPoint`: The mount point where the Dell LightningFS is mounted on the nodes. By default, the value is set to /mnt/data. But ensure that clientMountPoint matches the actual location of where the Dell LightningFS is mounted on the nodes.
    - `volumeNamePrefix`: The prefix used for all the volumes created by the CSI driver. The default value is set to csilng, but you can change it to any value.
5. Use `helm` to install the CSI driver.
   ```bash
   helm install csi-lightningfs dell/csi-lightningfs --namespace csi-lightningfs -f my-values.yaml
   ```
6. Check the status of the driver. All pods should be in a "Running" state.
   ```bash
   kubectl get pods -n csi-lightningfs
   ```

## Uninstallation Instructions

1. Uninstall the CSI driver by running the following command:
   ```bash
   helm uninstall csi-lightningfs -n csi-lightningfs
   ```
2. Verify the driver was successfully uninstalled.
    ```bash
   kubectl get pods -n csi-lightningfs
    ```

## Provisioning

> 1. Create a storage class using the template provided (lightningfs.yaml) under `samples/storageclass` folder.

Reviewer: **question:** where is this folder/file?

Author: added it

2. Note the following attributes in the storage class yaml file:

>     - `pfs`: The name of the folder to be created by the CSI driver under the clientMountPoint (specified in my-values.yaml above). Default is PFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `pfs`: The name of the folder to be created by the CSI driver under the `clientMountPoint` (specified in my-values.yaml above). Default is "PFS".
```

    - `volumePathPermission`: The permission for the volume path. Default is 0750, but can be changed to desired value.

>     - `volumeBindingMode`: The volume binding mode. Default is "WaitForFirstConsumer", but can be changed to desired value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `volumeBindingMode`: The volume binding mode. One of "WaitForFirstConsumer" or "Immediate". Default is "WaitForFirstConsumer".
```

3. Run the following command to create the storage class:
    ```bash

>       kubectl apply -f samples/storageclass/storageclass.yaml

Reviewer: 👀

    ```
4. Storage class is now ready to be used when provisioning volumes.

## License

This software contains the intellectual property of Dell Inc. or is licensed to Dell Inc. from third parties. Use of this software and the intellectual property contained therein is expressly limited to the terms and conditions of the License Agreement under which it is provided by or on behalf of Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries.

> Copyright © 2025 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright © 2026 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
```
